GPT 5.4 plus Notebook LM is insane. Two
AI tools just changed everything. One
can read a million tokens. One turns
your documents into a knowledge brain.
One can use your computer like a human.
One can answer questions from 50 PDFs in
seconds. Together, they don't just help
you work faster. They can replace entire
departments. We're talking an AI
research team, an AI content team, an AI
operations team, all from your laptop.
And the crazy part, most people have no
idea this combo even exists. They're
still using AI like a fancy Google
search. One question at a time, copy and
paste, start from scratch every single
day. The people who figure this out are
going to be in a completely different
position. Not slightly ahead,
untouchable. By the end of this video,
you're going to know exactly how GPT 5.4
and Notebook LM work, why they're so
powerful together, and four real
workflows you can steal and use today.
No theory, no hype, just the actual
stuff that works. This is GPT 5.4 plus
notebook LM and it is insane. Let's go.
Hey, if we haven't met already, I'm the
digital avatar of Julian Goldie, CEO of
SEO agency Goldie Agency. Whilst he's
helping clients get more leads and
customers, I'm here to help you get the
latest AI updates. Julian Goldie reads
every comment. So, make sure you comment
below. Tell me you are you already using
either of these tools? Drop it in the
comments right now. I want to know where
you're at. Today we're breaking down GPT
5.4 and Notebook LM2 tools. Both
powerful on their own, but when you
combine them, you get a workflow that
feels genuinely unfair to everyone who
isn't using it. Let me show you exactly
why. GPT 5.4 is OpenAI's newest Frontier
model. And this is not a small
incremental update. This thing was built
from the ground up for professional
work, agents, and serious automation.
Here's what's actually new and why it
matters. 1 million token context window.
That means GPT 5.4 can process an entire
book, a massive codebase, years of
business documents all at once in a
single session. Older models would
forget things halfway through a long
project. GPT 5.4 holds everything. You
can feed it your entire knowledge base
and it stays with you the whole way.
Native computer use. This is the part
that genuinely blows people's minds. GPT
5.4 four is the first mainline open AI
model that can actually operate a
computer. It can click, type, navigate
software, and execute workflows across
apps. Think of it as an AI assistant
that sits at a desk and does the actual
work, not just talks about what needs to
be done. Better agent workflows. It
combines reasoning, coding, and tool use
into one unified system. So, you can
build agents that don't just spit out
text. They think through multi-step
problems and then act on them. That's a
fundamentally different category of tool
compared to what we had even 6 months
ago. Tool search. This one is huge for
automation. Instead of loading every
possible tool at the start of a session,
GPT5.4 finds the tools it needs
dynamically as it works through a task.
The result is 47% fewer tokens used,
faster execution, and much more
efficient automated workflows. That adds
up fast when you're running systems at
scale. More reliable than ever. Compared
to the previous version, GPT 5.4
produces 33% fewer incorrect claims and
18% fewer errors overall. When you're
building automated systems that run
without you watching every step, that
reliability gap matters enormously. You
need to trust the output. That's GPT
5.4, a serious tool built for serious
work. But on its own, it's only half the
picture. Here's what makes today's video
different. If you want to actually
implement tools like GPT 5.4 for into
real workflows for your business. The AI
profit boardroom is where you want to
be. It's a community of people building
real AI systems, sharing what's actually
working and helping each other cut
through the noise. Practical strategies,
real automations, zero fluff. We'd love
to have you in there. The link is in the
description. Now, let's keep going.
Notebook LM is Google's AI powered
knowledge workspace and the concept is
simple but once you see it working you
wonder how you managed without it. Most
AI tools pull from the internet random
results stuff you didn't ask for.
Content that may or may not be relevant.
Notebook LM works completely
differently. It only works with your
documents. The stuff you upload. Nothing
from the open web. Nothing irrelevant.
Just your sources. You give it PDFs,
YouTube transcripts, research papers,
meeting notes, books, websites, whatever
you have. And Notebook LM turns all of
it into a smart searchable knowledge
brain that you can actually have a
conversation with. You can ask it
specific questions and get precise
answers pulled directly from your
sources with citations so you know
exactly where the answer came from. You
can request a summary of 50 documents at
once and get it in seconds. You can ask
it to identify the key frameworks across
everything you uploaded. It even
generates podcast style audio summaries
from your content which is genuinely
wild. The core shift here is this.
Instead of spending days reading,
highlighting, and trying to synthesize a
pile of information, you spend minutes.
Notebook LM does the reading and the
organizing. You do the thinking and the
deciding. It's not a chatbot. It's a
knowledge engine built around your
specific information. And that
distinction matters a lot once you see
what happens when you pair it with GPT
5.4. These two tools solve completely
different problems and that's exactly
why they work so well together. Notebook
LM is your knowledge engine. It ingests,
understands, organizes and surfaces
information from everything you feed
into it. It's the brain that holds the
knowledge. GPT 5.4 is your execution
engine. It reasons, it acts, it builds,
it automates, it creates outputs from
information. On their own, each tool has
clear limits. Notebook LM can understand
your documents, but it can't go build
things from them. GPT 5.4 can execute
tasks, but it doesn't deeply know your
specific business, your specific
research, your specific content.
Together, they form a closed loop. You
feed your knowledge into Notebook LM.
Notebook LM extracts and organizes the
insights. You pass those insights to GPT
5.4. GPT 5.4 executes the work round and
round. A system that both learns from
your information and acts on it. That
closed loop is what makes this combo so
different from just using one AI tool.
Here's what all of this really means.
When you zoom out, we are genuinely at a
point where one person with the right AI
stack can produce what used to require
an entire small team. A research
function, a content function, an
operations function, all running from
one laptop, one person, and the right
tools. That is not an exaggeration. That
is what GPT5.4 4 plus notebook LM
enables right now today for anyone who
takes the time to learn the workflow.
The people who figure out how to combine
AI knowledge systems with AI execution
systems are going to be in a different
position from everyone else. Not because
AI does everything for them, but because
they can move faster, produce more
consistently, and stay focused on the
highle decisions that actually require a
human. That's the real opportunity here.
Not just using an AI tool here and
there, learning to stack them into
systems. All right, that's GPT 5.4 plus
Notebook LM. Two tools, one powerful
workflow stack that not enough people
are using yet. If you want to go deeper
on this and start building real AI
systems, come join us in the AI profit
boardroom. It's where serious builders
are implementing these exact workflows,
sharing what's actually working, and
helping each other push further. The
link is in the description. And if
you're just getting started with AI and
want a free place to learn, the AI
Success Lab is our free community with
over 40,000 members already using AI to
work smarter every day. You'll get all
the notes from this video, over 100 AI
use cases, and full SOPs you can plug
straight into your workflow from day
one. Links are in the comments and the
description. Comment below and let
Julian know which of the four workflows
are you trying first. He reads every
single comment. See you in the next one.